README.md, before:

# Prework2023
Test link

clone and make sure we are at the right folder

check out branch with the command ```git branch```

create and checkout to a new branch with ```git checkout -b <branch name>```

after you make the edits, you want to follow the prompts to push

Then you want to go to github and merge

you then want to switch to your main branch with ```git checkout main```

perform a ```git pull```

delete the old branch with ```git branch -d <branch name>```

make a new branch all over again for future work 

## 
The first task for this project is to download the started code and clone my repo to my local machine. 

Once that was done I then went through and added useful notes for myself for each section (HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT)

When my notes were finished I did not make any additional HTML changes. I moved onto CSS and began to style my webpage. 
I was given started CSS to begin with so the first thing to be done is: making the headers dark blue and putting my notes into 4 boxes with shadows behind them. 
I did this by first creating a stylesheet within VS Code and linking it with my html . These two files are now linked and my broswer is displaying my styled html properly. 
Now I have to finish formatting my stylesheet and adding final details such as shadows to the boxes containing my notes. 

I've finished applying CSS. 

The issue I'm having the most is going through the Gitflow process, I am having fatal repo errors but cannot trace the issue 

//move prework study guide into bootcamp cohort 23 folder, out of current folder. reclone repo to bootcamp cohort 23// done!
//get rid of extra assets folder// 

//push css to github on css branch, progress saved not pushed as of 10/24/2022// 

## Sources

Tutor: Alexis Gonzales

Commit message:

final code changes, webpage complete

README.md, after:

# Prework2023
Test link

clone and make sure we are at the right folder

check out branch with the command ```git branch```

create and checkout to a new branch with ```git checkout -b <branch name>```

after you make the edits, you want to follow the prompts to push

Then you want to go to github and merge

you then want to switch to your main branch with ```git checkout main```

perform a ```git pull```

delete the old branch with ```git branch -d <branch name>```

make a new branch all over again for future work 

## 
The first task for this project is to download the started code and clone my repo to my local machine. 

Once that was done I then went through and added useful notes for myself for each section (HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT)

When my notes were finished I did not make any additional HTML changes. I moved onto CSS and began to style my webpage. 

I was given starter CSS to begin with so the first thing to be done is: making the headers dark blue and putting my notes into 4 boxes with shadows behind them. 

I did this by first creating a stylesheet within VS Code and linking it with my html . These two files are now linked and my broswer is displaying my styled html properly.

Now I have to finish formatting my stylesheet and adding final details such as shadows to the boxes containing my notes. 

I've finished applying CSS. 

The issue I'm having the most is going through the Gitflow process, I am having fatal repo errors but cannot trace the issue 

Once I solved my git issues I was able to start pushing my code to the correct branches. 

To make my layout more user friendly for myself, I truncated my notes to links to the pages where I found the information instead of writing notes directly on the webpage. This will be easier for me to find the information I'm looking for as well put me in the correct place to supplement that information. 

The last and only issue I am having are my headers presenting as hyperlinks. I was able to fix it for my HTML section but am not sure of how to do so for the rest of my sections. As this is a minor issue for me and does not affect my code, I've decided to leave it in and try to debug when I am more knowledgeable in this subject. 

My html, css, javascript and png files are all linked correctly and my webpage is displaying properly when opened from VS Code. 

My final step is to deploy my application successfully on github, then I will be able to turn in my prework. 

## Sources

Tutor: Alexis Gonzales 

 
For HTML:  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element

For CSS: 

For Javascript:
